Scheduler: Update Time Zone Support (#1284)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Scheduler/077 Time Zone Support.md

> The **Scheduler** displays appointments according to the client machine's time zone. If you want to override client settings, use the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Scheduler** displays appointments according to the client time zone. If you want to override client settings, use the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) option.
```
Scheduler can be used on a portable device that's why 'machine' should better be omitted.

> You can specify an appointment's start/end time in time zones that differ from the **Scheduler**'s time zone. To do this, use the [startDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDateTimeZone) and [endDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDateTimeZone) options in the appointment's data object. These time zones are converted to the **Scheduler**'s time zone for display. Users can view and edit them in the appointment details form if you enable the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/).[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing) option.

Author: ```suggestion
You can specify different time zones for an individual appointment. To do this, use the [startDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDateTimeZone) and [endDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDateTimeZone) options in the appointment's data object. When the **Scheduler** positions appointments in the timetable, it sums up the offsets of individual time zones and the **Scheduler**'s time zone. Users can view and edit individual appointments in the appointment details form if you enable the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/).[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing) option.
```

Reviewer 2: You can specify different time zones for an individual appointment. To do this, use the [startDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDateTimeZone) and [endDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDateTimeZone) options in the appointment's data object. When you position appointments in the timetable, the **Scheduler** calculates the offsets of individual time zones and the **Scheduler**'s time zone. Users can view and edit individual appointments in the appointment details form if you enable the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/).[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing) option.
